PR for SRVLOGIC-300, SRVLOGIC-190, SRVLOGIC-188, SRVLOGIC-192: Document "Serverless Logic" parent directory for Openshift Serverless Logic docs. (#76490)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-logic-workflow-base-builder-dockerfile.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * serverless/serverless-logic/serverless-logic-creating-managing-workflows.adoc

> :_content-type: CONCEPT
> [id="serverless-logic-workflow-base-builder-dockerfile_{context}"]
> = Customize the base builder Dockerfile

Reviewer: This is more of a reference than a concept, and the title sort of sounds like it's a procedure. Suggest changing the content type and tweaking the title:
```suggestion
:_content-type: REFERENCE
[id="serverless-logic-workflow-base-builder-dockerfile_{context}"]
= Customization for the base builder Dockerfile
```

The {ServerlessLogicOperatorName} uses the `logic-operator-rhel8-builder-config` ConfigMap in the {ServerlessLogicOperatorName} installation namespace (`openshift-serverless-logic`) to configure and run the workflow build process. You can change the dockerfile entry in this ConfigMap to adjust the dockerfile to your needs. 

[NOTE]
====

> Modifying the dockerfile can break the build process.

Author: Done!

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * serverless/serverless-logic/serverless-logic-creating-managing-workflows.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="serverless-logic-workflow-base-builder-dockerfile"]
= Customize the base builder Dockerfile

> The {ServerlessLogicOperatorName} uses the `sonataflow-operator-builder-config` ConfigMap in the {ServerlessLogicOperatorName} installation namespace (`sonataflow-operator-system`) to configure and run the workflow build process. You can change the dockerfile entry in this ConfigMap to adjust the dockerfile to your needs. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The {ServerlessLogicOperatorName} uses the `logic-operator-rhel8-builder-config` ConfigMap in the {ServerlessLogicOperatorName} installation namespace (`openshift-serverless-logic`) to configure and run the workflow build process. You can change the dockerfile entry in this ConfigMap to adjust the dockerfile to your needs. 
```

[NOTE]
====
Modifying the dockerfile can break the build process.
====

> .Example of the sonataflow-operator-builder-config ConfigMap

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.Example of the logic-operator-rhel8-builder-config ConfigMap
```

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
data:

>   DEFAULT_BUILDER_RESOURCE_NAME: Dockerfile

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

  DEFAULT_WORKFLOW_EXTENSION: .sw.json
  Dockerfile: |

>     FROM registry.redhat.io/openshift-serverless-1-tech-preview/logic-data-index-ephemeral-rhel8:latest AS builder

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    FROM registry.redhat.io/openshift-serverless-1/logic-swf-builder-rhel8:1.33.0 AS builder
```
